{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red119\green118\blue118;\red243\green248\blue245;\red11\green87\blue42;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Here\'92s a detailed look at each chapter in the book:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 1, Getting Started with View Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : You\'92ll learn how to move, scale and fade views. You\'92ll create a number of different animations to get comfortable with Swift and the basic UIKit APIs.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 2, Springs
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : You\'92ll build on the concepts of linear animation and create more eye-catching effects using spring-driven animations.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 3, Transitions
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : You\'92ll learn about several class methods in UIKit that help you animate views in or out of the screen. These one-line API calls make transition effects easy to achieve.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 4, View Animations in Practice
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : This chapter teaches you how to combine techniques you\'92ve already learned in creative ways to build up even cooler animations.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 5, Keyframe Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : You\'92ll use keyframe animations to unlock the ultimate achievement of an impressive UI: creating elaborate animation sequences built from a number of distinct stages.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 6, Introduction to Auto Layout
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : This is a crash course on Auto Layout in case you\'92re not familiar with it already; you\'92ll need this for the next chapter.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 7, Animating Constraints
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Once you\'92ve worked through the project in Chapter 6, you\'92ll add a number of animations to it and put your newfound knowledge to good use.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 8, Getting Started with Layer Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : You\'92ll start with the simplest layer animations, but also learn about debugging animations gone wrong.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 9, Animation Keys and Delegates
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Here you gain more control over the currently running animations and use delegate methods to react to animation events.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 10, Groups and Advanced Timing
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : In this chapter you combine a number of simple animations and run them together as a group.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 11, Layer Springs
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Take a tour of the shiny new 
\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 CASpringAnimation
\b0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2  class in iOS 9, which allows you to easily create layer spring animations.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 12, Keyframe Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Here you\'92ll learn about layer keyframe animations, which are powerful and slightly different than view keyframe animations.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 13, Shapes and Masks
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Draw shapes on the screen via CAShapeLayer and animate its special path property.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 14, Gradient Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn how to use CAGradientLayer to help you draw and animate gradients.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 15, Stroke and Path Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Here you will draw shapes interactively and work with some powerful features of keyframe animations.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 16, Replicating Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn about the little known but powerful 
\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 CAReplicatorLayer
\b0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2  class.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 17, Simple 3D Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn how to set up your layers in 3D space, how to choose the distance from the camera to your layer, and how to create animations in your 3D scene.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 18, Intermediate 3D Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Bring your adventures in 3D animation to the next level!\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 19, Particle Emitters
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn how to use UIKit\'92s built-in particle emitters to create a fun snowfall effect.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 20, Frame Animations with UIImageView
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn how to sequence multiple images together into a flipbook-style animation.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 21, Custom Presentation Controller & Device Orientation Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn how to present view controllers via custom animated transitions.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 22, UINavigationController Custom Transition Animations
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : You\'92ll build upon your skills with presenting view controllers and develop a really neat reveal transition for a navigation controller app.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 23, Interactive UINavigationController Transitions
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn how to make the reveal transition interactive: the user will be able to scrub back and forth through the animated transition!\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 24, Easy Animation
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn how to get started with a third party animation library written by Marin that makes building complex animations really easy.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 25, Getting Started with Pop
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn how to get started with the a popular third party animation library written by Facebook: Facebook Pop.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 26, Decay Animations with Pop
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn how to use decay animations in Facebook Pop, which allow you to automatically decelerate views over time.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Chapter 27, Spring Animations with Pop
\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 : Learn how to use spring animations in Facebook Pop, which make views bounce like springs.\cb1 \
}